rst00h - c3 50 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst08h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - e1 87 5f 16 00 19 2a 66 
rst18h - 6f e9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 4c 1a 00 00 00 00 00 
int48h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - c3 aa 07 ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - BOULDER DASH\0\0\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 01 (64KByte (4 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - aa (Broderbund)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - ee
Global Checksum - f2 a5
