rst00h - f5 f0 b5 e0 b6 f1 18 02 
rst08h - f0 b6 e0 b5 ea 00 21 c9 
rst10h - cd db 08 3d 20 fa c9 ff 
rst18h - 3e 00 ea 00 00 c9 ff ff 
rst20h - 3e 0a ea 00 00 c9 ff ff 
rst28h - 3e 3c d7 c9 ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - f5 c5 d5 e5 c3 87 08 ff 
int48h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - f5 c5 d5 e5 c3 ec 09 ff 
int58h - f5 c5 d5 e5 c3 e2 07 ff 
int60h - d9 e1 d1 c1 f1 d9 ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 22 06 

Title - DAISENRYAKU HIR

CGB Flag - 4f (Invalid)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 06 (MBC2+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - db (ljn)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 72
Global Checksum - 87 7b
