rst00h - 87 e1 5f 16 00 19 2a 66 
rst08h - 6f e9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - 80 40 20 10 08 04 02 01 
rst18h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 32 2e ff ff ff ff ff 
int48h - fb c3 90 2b ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - c3 6e 2f ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - fb c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - DAYS OF THUNDER

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 01 (Non-Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 5a (Mindscape)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 69
Global Checksum - 5b f6
