rst00h - 9a 45 fe ff ee ff ae ff 
rst08h - c3 80 f0 ff ee ff be ff 
rst10h - 08 9b ff f9 c9 ff aa ff 
rst18h - 26 c6 f0 9b 6f 08 9b ff 
rst20h - f9 c9 be ff bb ff fe ff 
rst28h - 3e 00 a7 20 fb c9 fb ff 
rst30h - fe ef ff ff ff ff fe ff 
rst38h - fb ff ff ff ab ff aa ff 

int40h - c3 6d 02 ff af ff ff ff 
int48h - d9 ff bf ff ab ff be ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ef ff ee ff 
int58h - d9 ff fe ff be ff ea ff 
int60h - d9 ff aa ff be ff be ff 
int68h - bf ff ef ff fe ff ff ff 
int70h - ba ff ee ff ee ff fe ff 
int78h - fe ff ae ff bb ff ea ff 
int80h - bf ff ef ff ee ff ba ff 
int88h - fb ff ea ff ef ff ff ff 
int90h - bf ff bb ff fe ff 8e ff 
int98h - fb ff eb ff aa ff ab ff 
intA0h - ea ff bf ff ff ff fe ff 
intA8h - ff ff fa ff fb ff bb ff 
intB0h - be ff ee ff bf ff ff ff 
intB8h - ef ff fe ff ff ff fa ff 
intC0h - bf ff fe ff fa ff eb ff 
intC8h - fe bf ff ff ae ff fa ff 
intD0h - bf ff fe ff be ff ef ff 
intD8h - fb ff be fb fb ff af ff 
intE0h - ff ff bf ff ab ff eb ff 
intE8h - be ff eb ff ff ff fb ff 
intF0h - bb ff be ff eb ff ee ff 
intF8h - ea ff eb ff be ff ae ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - ELEVATOR ACTION

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 01 (64KByte (4 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 01 (Non-Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - c0 (Taito)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - e4
Global Checksum - a2 6a
