rst00h - c3 d7 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst08h - c3 e1 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - c3 ee 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - c3 fa 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 07 02 ff ff ff ff ff 
int48h - c3 b0 02 ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - c3 bd 02 ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title -  ---  CADA  ---

CGB Flag - 20 (Invalid)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 01 (64KByte (4 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 96 (Yonezawa/S'Pal)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 78
Global Checksum - 70 69
