rst00h - c3 50 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst08h - c3 80 f0 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - e1 06 00 4f cb 21 cb 10 
rst38h - 09 2a 66 6f e9 ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 c5 01 ff ff ff ff ff 
int48h - c3 65 03 ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - c3 0b 04 ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - c3 42 04 ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - KAERUNOTAMENI\0\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 03 (MBC1+RAM+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 04 (512KByte (32 banks))
Ram Size - 02 (8 KByte)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 01 (Nintendo)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 0a
Global Checksum - 10 4f
