rst00h - 3e 01 e0 fe c3 54 01 ff 
rst08h - d1 6f 26 00 29 19 2a 66 
rst10h - 6f e9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - e1 2a 4f 2a 12 13 0d 20 
rst20h - fa e9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - c3 c2 16 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - c3 00 06 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - cd 72 00 c3 9e 01 ff ff 
int48h - cd 72 00 c3 19 02 ff ff 
int50h - cd 72 00 c3 03 02 ff ff 
int58h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - 00 ff f5 3e 01 e0 95 f1 
int78h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - MOMOTAROU GAIDE

CGB Flag - 4e (Invalid)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 06 (MBC2+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 03 (256KByte (16 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 18 (Hudsonsoft)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 3b
Global Checksum - ba 61
