rst00h - 21 00 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst08h - 21 01 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst10h - 21 02 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst18h - 21 03 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst20h - 21 04 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst28h - 21 05 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst30h - 21 06 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 
rst38h - 21 07 00 19 c9 ff ff ff 

int40h - f5 c5 d5 e5 c3 9c 03 ff 
int48h - c3 94 05 ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - ROLAN'S CURSE 2

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 06 (MBC2+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 01 (Non-Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 53 (American Sammy)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - a1
Global Checksum - 7d 9c
