rst00h - f5 f0 b0 e0 b1 f1 18 02 
rst08h - f0 b1 e0 b0 ea 00 21 c9 
rst10h - cd 50 02 3d 20 fa c9 ff 
rst18h - f5 fa ee c0 87 d7 f1 c9 
rst20h - f0 b0 f5 cd 60 24 18 dd 
rst28h - 3e 1e d7 c9 ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 17 0f c3 60 24 ff ff 
int48h - c3 7b 0f ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - c3 64 0f ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 87 0e 

Title - GB LACROANHERO 

CGB Flag - 31 (Invalid)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 06 (MBC2+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - b2 (Bandai)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 05
Global Checksum - 1b 3c
