rst00h - c3 50 01 fb fb ee ab ef 
rst08h - be ff bd ff ba ff aa ff 
rst10h - af ff be bf ab ff ab ff 
rst18h - eb f7 ab ff ea ff ae ff 
rst20h - fe ff be ff fe bf aa ff 
rst28h - ab ff a3 ff ae df ea ff 
rst30h - ea 7f aa ff ff ff ab ff 
rst38h - fb ff be ff aa ff fb ff 

int40h - c3 e5 02 bf ee ff ba ff 
int48h - c3 0c 03 fe ff fb ef ff 
int50h - c3 15 03 bf ee ff ea 7f 
int58h - d9 ff af f6 fb ff bb ff 
int60h - d9 ff ab ff ab ff f6 fb 
int68h - be ff bb f7 aa ff ba ff 
int70h - fb ff fb ff fa fe ea ff 
int78h - eb ff aa ff aa ff ea ff 
int80h - fe ff 0a ff bf ff ea ff 
int88h - ba ff 6e ff 3e ff ff ff 
int90h - eb f9 aa bf ea fb aa ff 
int98h - a3 ff ea fb 3a ff ea ff 
intA0h - ae ff ab ff df ff fa bf 
intA8h - af ff eb ff bb ff ee ff 
intB0h - ee ff ea ff aa ff ae ff 
intB8h - eb ef eb ff fb ff 9f ff 
intC0h - ee ff af ff 3a df ea ff 
intC8h - fe ff aa ff ba ff eb ff 
intD0h - eb fd ae ff ba ff ab ff 
intD8h - e9 ff ef ff ab ff af fd 
intE0h - bb ff ef fd ee ff af ff 
intE8h - fa f7 aa fd fa ff bb ff 
intF0h - eb 7f fa ff aa ff be fb 
intF8h - be ff ef fb ee f5 ee ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - SOLARSTRIKER\0\0\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 01 (64KByte (4 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 01 (Nintendo)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 3f
Global Checksum - 26 06
