rst00h - c3 45 10 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst08h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - c3 8f 6c ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst30h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - c3 c6 0d ff ff ff ff ff 
int48h - c3 f8 20 ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - 3d c8 f5 cd d0 00 f1 18 
int88h - f7 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - af ea 07 c1 76 fa 07 c1 
intD8h - a7 28 fa c9 fa 02 c7 a7 
intE0h - c8 fa 02 c1 cb 57 c8 af 
intE8h - ea 07 c1 76 fa 07 c1 a7 
intF0h - 28 fa fa 02 c1 cb 57 28 
intF8h - ee c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - ROGER RABBIT\0\0\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 01 (Non-Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 08 (Capcom)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 88
Global Checksum - b8 9b
