rst00h - c3 1d 03 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst08h - c3 5e 08 ff ff ff ff ff 
rst10h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ef ff 
rst30h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

int40h - cd 52 02 d9 ff ff bf ff 
int48h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - cd 9b 03 d9 ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff fb ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intF8h - ff ff ff ff ef ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - YOSHI'S COOKIE\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 01 (Non-Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 01 (Nintendo)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 02
Global Checksum - af 21
