rst00h - c3 34 03 16 00 19 5e 23 
rst08h - c3 94 08 e9 ff ff bf ff 
rst10h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst18h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst20h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst28h - c9 ff ff ff bf ff ff ff 
rst30h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
rst38h - c9 ff ff ff ff ff fb ff 

int40h - cd 59 02 d9 ff ff ff ff 
int48h - d9 ff ef ff ff ff ff ff 
int50h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int58h - cd b2 03 d9 ff ff ff ff 
int60h - d9 ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int68h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int70h - ff ff ef ff ff ff ff ff 
int78h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int80h - fb ff bf ff ff ff ff ff 
int88h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int90h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
int98h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intA0h - ff ff ff ff ef ff ff ff 
intA8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intB8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intC8h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intD8h - ff ff ff ff ff df ff ff 
intE0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 
intE8h - ff ff ff ff fe ff ff ff 
intF0h - ff ff ff ff ff ff bf ff 
intF8h - fb ff ff ff ff ff ff ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 50 01 

Title - YOSSY NO COOKIE

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 01 (MBC1)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 00 (None)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 01 (Nintendo)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - a5
Global Checksum - fe 7f
