rst00h - c3 50 01 bf ae ff fa ff 
rst08h - c3 80 f0 ff eb ff ea ff 
rst10h - aa fb fe ff ee ff 9a fd 
rst18h - ee ff be df ca fe ea ff 
rst20h - aa ff ba ff ae ff aa ff 
rst28h - eb ff aa ef ab ff af ff 
rst30h - fe ef fb ff aa ff ae ff 
rst38h - aa ff be ff ea ff 8a ff 

int40h - c3 5c 01 bf 2a ff aa ff 
int48h - c3 cc c2 ff e3 ff a6 ff 
int50h - d9 ef aa ff ae ff aa ff 
int58h - d9 ff aa fe ba ff ae ff 
int60h - d9 fb 2b ff b2 ff aa ff 
int68h - ae ff be fe be ff ab ff 
int70h - bb ff bb fb eb fd fa ff 
int78h - bb ff ba 7f 3a ef ee ff 
int80h - eb ff aa ff ab ff e2 ff 
int88h - aa ff eb ff eb ff aa ff 
int90h - aa 7f aa 7f af ff ba ff 
int98h - aa ff aa ff af ff aa df 
intA0h - ef ff aa ff 2a ff ca ff 
intA8h - aa ff aa df ab ef ae ff 
intB0h - be ff ea ff bf bf ee ff 
intB8h - be ff 8b ff bb ff ae 9b 
intC0h - aa bf af ff af ff aa ff 
intC8h - aa ff ef ff aa 5f ee 7f 
intD0h - aa bf aa ff ab ff cc ff 
intD8h - fb ff ee ef aa 7f 2a ff 
intE0h - 9e fb ea ff aa 7f ee ff 
intE8h - aa ff ab ff fb ff aa ff 
intF0h - ca 7f eb ef be ff ee ff 
intF8h - aa fd ee ff ea ff ab ff 

Entry Point - 00 c3 6e 01 

Title - LEGEND OF ZERD\0

CGB Flag - 00 (GB Only)
New Licensee Code - (HEX) 00 00
SGB Flag - 00 (No SGB Functions)

Cartridge Type - 03 (MBC1+RAM+BATTERY)
Rom Size - 02 (128KByte (8 banks))
Ram Size - 02 (8 KByte)

Destination Code - 00 (Japanese)
Old Licensee Code - 8c (Vic Tokai)
ROM Version - 00

Header Checksum - 9b
Global Checksum - 22 a0
